CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?
- roll calculator

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?
- for another class, I'm making a site to host a character creator for a ttrpg I'm writing. With this python program, i want to make a calculator that can read those stats and then calculate the results of certain rolls, checks, and saves.

3. What will you learn from developing this program?
- we've worked a lot with extracting info from csv files, but this will probably be reading from a json file.

4. What Python modules will your program use?
- definetly json, math and random. I can probably do everything i need with those 3, but if i find another one that helps i'll give it a go.

5. Will you separate your Python program into functions that each
perform a single task?
- yes. I'll have functions that will be able to call each individual dice roll, and then some for the most common roll modifiers. and then i'll of course need a function that reads from the file.
    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

6. Will you write test functions to test at least two of your program
functions?
- yup. I'll need to make sure certain data is contained in the file, so I'll use asserts to ensure it is.

